# 🎨 Art-Prompt-Generator
This is a simple, free-to-use prompt generator for anyone who is bored and doesn't know what to draw. I hope that at some point, I'll be able to make this available for offline users. Please enjoy!

# 1. 🤖 This generator was brought to you by Javascript
All input is either stored in strings or (in the case of pictures) directly input from either Coolor.com or blogs who create poses for free online. These blogs will, of course, be properly sourced and credited for curious users to explore at their leisure.

The content generated by the program will be contained in a user interface that can be customized by the user in the "settings" tab. More information is available at item #4. 

# 2. ✍️ The prompt 
The generator will provide you with a picture of a pose. 

In order to prevent scope creep, I have relegated the following ideas for prompts to the backlog until the app can reliably display poses and only poses. Everything below this line is part of the backlog:
---
For future updates, you can receive prompts which will ask you to mimic the art style of a preestablished artist with both the name of the artist and an example picture of their work. 

You may also ask the program to provide you with a randomly generated color palette or specify that you would like to draw a different subject, such as an animal or an object. 

These options will feature a toggle button allowing you to generate a prompt for a background that you can use for the character/animal/object such as a city landscape or a forest. 

You can have multiple choice options for serious prompts, nostalgic prompts, calming prompts, comedic prompts, sexual prompts, or background-focused prompts. This will work as the string-based prompts will come with a tagging system indicating the tone and/or focus.

# 3. ⏰ Other Features
After generating the prompt, you have the ability to set a timer for several options: 5 minutes, 10 minutes, 15 minutes, 20 minutes, half an hour, 45 minutes, and an hour. This works well for people who want to get better at sketching poses very quickly. 

# 4. 🖌️ Customizing the layout
Much like Ren'Py, I am developing the app with the hope that you can lightly customize the layout of this application so that the display matches the mood of whatever you're trying to draw. A mockup of the UI and a mockup of the concept of customization within this application have been included below. 
